Adding API doc for organization contact merge suggestion settings (#17981)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/organizationcontactinsights.md

> ---

Reviewer: @rohitgoyal7, we need to step back compare what you have in the CSDL, the info on the api.md and the files attached to the PR.
You are trying to add a new nav property/relationship called "contactInsights" that belongs to an entity called "organizationSettings". 
Question #1. Why was the file organizationContactInsights added to the PR? 
The resource "organizationSettings" has a relationship/nav property called "insightsSettings". 
Question #2: why was the "insightsSettings" file not included in the PR?
In my opinion, the file organizationContactInsights should be removed.

> title: "organizationContactInsights resource type"

Reviewer: As stated before: 
We have a new nav property called "contactInsights" that will belong to a resource called organizationSettings.
The CSDL does not mention a resource called organizationContactInsights. The name organizationContactInsights is mentioned throughout the entire file and it should be fixed. 
Where should this operation be listed? I will be able to comment on the TOC until we solve this issue.

description: "Represents contact insights for an organization."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "rogoy"
ms.prod: "outlook"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# organizationContactInsights resource type

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Represents _settings_ to manage the audience in an organization for whom intelligent features related to contact management (e.g. duplicate contact merge suggestions) are enabled in M365. The feature availability can be controlled at the organization level (i.e., Tenant) or at a security group level (i.e., a subset of the organization). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents _settings_ to manage the audience in an organization in which intelligent features related to contact management (e.g. duplicate contact merge suggestions) are enabled in Microsoft 365. The feature availability can be controlled at the organization level (i.e., Tenant) or at a security group level (i.e., a subset of the organization). 
```

## Methods

| Method       | Return Type | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
| [Get](../api/organizationsettings-list-contactinsights.md) | [organizationContactInsights](organizationcontactinsights.md) | Read the properties of a organizationContactInsights object. |
| [Update](../api/organizationsettings-update-contactinsights.md) | [organizationContactInsights](organizationcontactinsights.md) | Update the properties of a organizationContactInsights object. |

## Properties

| Property   | Type|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|

> |isEnabledInOrganization|Boolean| `true` if contact insights are enabled for the organization; `false` if it is disabled for all users without exceptions. Default is `true`. Optional.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|isEnabledInOrganization|Boolean| If set to `true`, contact insights are enabled for the organization. If `false` contact insights are disabled for all users without exceptions. Default value is `true`. Optional. |

|disabledForGroup|String| The ID of an Azure Active Directory group in which the contact insights are disabled for its members. Default is `empty`. Optional.|

> 

Reviewer: Based on the api.md and the CSDL files, "contact insights" is a navigation property. If that's the case, could you please add the Relationships table to this file?
